YAP cards


When was the last time you truly felt alive? 
Which era of your life do you wish you could relive? Why?
Which book do you wish you could read again for the first time?
What would you tell your 15 year old self right now?
What would your 80 year old self tell you?
What’s one thing your former self would be proud of?
Who do you still want in your life in 5 years?
If you could do anything in life without financial worries, what would you do?
What are you grateful for right now?
Is there anyone who has ever known the full you?
Who are you currently missing?
How can your friends show up better for you?
If you could go anywhere in the world right now, where would you go and why?
What does intimacy mean to you?
How well do you know yourself?
What’s holding you back from being your best self?
Is there anyone who left your life who you miss?
Tell us about a time you failed
What’s your favourite activity to feel relaxed?
Has anyone ever changed your life?
What keeps you up at night?
What’s one thing you had to unlearn?
Which habit would you like to change?
Around which person do you feel the most like yourself?
What’s your biggest “what if” situation?
What’s your favourite smell?
If you knew you only had a day left to live, what would you do?
What do you want to accomplish before you die?
Where did you think you would be today 5 years ago?
What are you still insecure about? Why?
Have you ever been in a situation where you felt scared for your life?
What was the saddest you’ve ever felt?
Is there anything you wish you could tell someone right now?
What’s your biggest fear?
What did you love doing as a child?
Is there anything you have been meaning to say to anyone?
Who taught you true love?
Is there a feeling you feel like you're missing out on?
What's the most hurtful thing someone has said to you?
Which traits did you learn from your parents?
How have your friends changed you?
What type of content do you see on your social media feed? How does it make you feel?
When was the last time someone asked how you really are?
AO : When was the last time you answered truthfully to someone who asked you how you were
What's a topic you want to learn more about?
Have you ever changed yourself for someone else and regretted it?
What was your favourite memory last month?
What surprised you about me?
Where do you think I'll be in 5 years?
What do you think I'm currently struggling with?
What's your favourite memory of me*?
AO : *each other
What do you admire about me?
How do you think I could be a happier person?
What do I need to hear right now?
What do you think I was like as a teenager?
Have I ever disappointed you?
Is there a song that reminds you of me?
Is there anything holding me back from being a better friend / partner? / How can we improve our relationship?
Do you think we'll still be in each other's lives in 5 years?
What did you learn from me?
How well do you think you know me?
AO : If I lost my memory tomorrow, what would be the first story you'd tell me ?
AO : How would you hate for other people, both strangers and those close to you, to perceive you?
AO : Which aspects of your upbringing would you repeat, which would you not ?
AO : If you were told you were going to die one year from now, would you change the way you are living ?
Where and with whom do you feel most at home?
Which cultures do you feel connected to?
When was the last time you felt like you belonged?
When was the last time someone made you feel seen? Who was it?
What was the most thoughtful gift or gesture you’ve ever received?
What was something someone said to you that made you feel seen?
In which area of your life do you need support right now?
When was the last time you felt alone?
What does success mean to you?
When was the last time you cried? Why?